SNOW-799180 Do not modify statement_params from user (#1524)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

# Release Notes

- v3.0.4(TBD)

>   - Fixed a bug that cursor.execute() could change user's input statement_params object if multistatement query is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed a bug in which `cursor.execute()` could modify the argument statement_params dictionary object when executing a multistatement query.
```
